# TB Object

TB Object lets you initialize the OpenTok API and set up exception event handling.

## Methods

[TB.addEventListener()](#addEventListener)<br>
[TB.initPublisher()](#initPublisher)<br>
[TB.initSession()](#initSession)



<a id="addEventListener"></a>
### TB.addEventListener()
```javascript
TB.addEventListener(type:String, listener:Function)
```

Registers a method as an event listener for a specific event. The TB class dispatches exception events, defined by the
[ExceptionEvent](ExceptionEvent.md) object.

#### Parameters

**type** (String) — This string identifying the type of event. The TB object can only dispatch one type of event: an exception event. The only
type of event the TB object dispatches is an 'exception' event.

**listener** (Function) — The function to be invoked when the TB object dispatches the event. An [ExceptionEvent](ExceptionEvent.md) object
is passed into this function.


<a id="initPublisher"></a>
### TB.initPublisher()

```javascript
var publisher = TB.initPublisher( apiKey:String [, replaceElementId:String] [, properties:Object] )
```

Initializes and returns a Publisher object. You can use this Publisher object to test the microphone and camera attached to the Publisher, and then pass this Publisher object to Session.publish() to publish a stream to a session.

You can only create one publisher object. Calling TB.initPublisher() more than once will fail silently.

#### Parameters

**apikey** (String) — The API key that TokBox provided you when you registered for the OpenTok API.
**replaceElementId** (String) - Optional. The id attribute of the existing DOM element that the Publisher video replaces. If you do not specify a replaceElementId, the application appends a new DOM element to the HTML body. 

**properties** (Object) — Optional. This is an optional object that contains the following properties (each of which are optional):

* **cameraName** (String) - The preferred camera position. When setting this property, if the change is possible, the publisher will use the camera with the specified position.  
Valid Inputs: 'Front' or 'Back'
* **height** (Number) — The desired height, in pixels, of the displayed Publisher video stream (default: 198). 
* **width** (Number) — The desired width, in pixels, of the displayed Publisher video stream (default: 264). 
* **name** (String) — A string that will be associated with this publisher’s stream. This string is displayed at the bottom of publisher videos and at the bottom of subscriber videos associated with the published stream. If you do not specify a value, the name is set to the device name.
* **publishAudio** (Boolean) — Whether to publish audio.
* **publishVideo** (Boolean) — Whether to publish video.


#### Return

**Publisher** — A Publisher object.


<a id="initSession"></a>
### TB.initSession()
```javascript
var session = TB.initSession(sessionId:String)
```

Initializes and returns the local session object for a specified session ID.  
You connect to the session using the connect() method of the Session object returned by the TB.initSession() method. TB.initSession() does not initiate communications with the cloud, it simply initializes the Session object that you can use to connect (and to perform other operations once connected).

#### Parameters

**sessionId** (String) — Use the [Session ID](http://www.tokbox.com/opentok/api/tools/js/documentation/overview/session_creation.html) generated by your server that represents the session to which you are planning to connect.

#### Returns

**Session** — The session object through which all further interactions with the session will occur.



## License

Copyright (c) 2012 TokBox, Inc.
Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of
this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in 
the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to 
use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies 
of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do 
so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all 
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

The software complies with Terms of Service for the OpenTok platform described 
in http://www.tokbox.com/termsofservice

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR 
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, 
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE 
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER 
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, 
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE 
SOFTWARE.



